Add support for custom savers (#63)
perftools/php-profiler: README.md

    ),
```

## Custom Saver

> You may create custom profiler saver by implementing SaverInterface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create your own profile saver by implementing `SaverInterface` and calling `setSaver()`.
```
